Update DiagnosticPipError to add details_link to errors (#14002)
pypa/pip: news/10421.doc.rst

> Adding a details_link to the DiagnosticPipError to link to the relevant documentation for the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a link to user-facing guidance in documentation for certain error messages.
```
